feat(clustered): add s3 permissions policy (#5190)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/prerequisites.md

- [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/)
- [crane](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/blob/main/cmd/crane/README.md)

### Appendix

#### S3 Permissions

The IAM role that you use to access AWS S3 should have the following policy:

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:PutObjectAcl",
                "s3:PutObject",
                "s3:ListMultipartUploadParts",
                "s3:GetObjectAcl",
                "s3:GetObject",
                "s3:DeleteObject",
                "s3:AbortMultipartUpload"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::$CLUSTERED_BUCKET/*",
        },
        {
            "Sid": "",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:ListBucket",
                "s3:GetBucketLocation"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::$CLUSTERED_BUCKET",
        },
        {
            "Sid": "",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "s3:ListAllMyBuckets",
            "Resource": "*",
        }
    ]
}

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
## Configure object storage permissions

Ensure the identity you're using to connect to your S3-compatible object storehas the correct
permissions to allow InfluxDB to perform all the actions it needs to.

{{< expand-wrapper >}}
{{% expand "View example AWS S3 access policy" %}}

The IAM role that you use to access AWS S3 should have the following policy:

{{% code-placeholders "S3_BUCKET_NAME" %}}
```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:PutObjectAcl",
                "s3:PutObject",
                "s3:ListMultipartUploadParts",
                "s3:GetObjectAcl",
                "s3:GetObject",
                "s3:DeleteObject",
                "s3:AbortMultipartUpload"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::S3_BUCKET_NAME/*",
        },
        {
            "Sid": "",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:ListBucket",
                "s3:GetBucketLocation"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::S3_BUCKET_NAME",
        },
        {
            "Sid": "",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "s3:ListAllMyBuckets",
            "Resource": "*",
        }
    ]
}
```
{{% /code-placeholders %}}

Replace the following:

- {{% code-placeholder-key %}}`S3_BUCKET_NAME`{{% /code-placeholder-key %}}: Name of your AWS S3 bucket

{{% /expand %}}
{{< /expand-wrapper >}}
~~~

- [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/)
- [crane](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/blob/main/cmd/crane/README.md)

## Configure object storage permissions

> Ensure the identity you're using to connect to your S3-compatible object storehas the correct

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure the identity you're using to connect to your S3-compatible object store has the correct
```

Author: Good catch! :tada:
